"Maybe you set her off," Zi Fu muttered. After all, the two of them had spent the better part of the day discussing Qin Jiang. Strengths, weaknesses—it was possible something had lit a fire under Lian'er. Of course, she guessed wrong about the actual reason. Had it been Liu Shuwan, she'd have known instantly: the motivation was Qin Jiang, yes—but not in the way Zi Fu imagined.

Hearing her, Qin Jiang shrugged. If Lian'er wanted to train, that was a good thing. His gaze swept over Zi Fu, studying her. "Honestly, the one I'm more curious about is you."

"Hm?" Zi Fu's guard shot up. She stepped back, wary. "What are you planning?"

"I just want to know—shouldn't you be in seclusion? What are you doing here?"

"???"

She stared at him, taken aback. "How do you know about that?"

She'd snuck out under the pretense of seclusion—even her own clan elders didn't know. How did this man know? Could he be skilled in divination? She recalled how he'd seemed to know everything about Chen Qi'er too, and now about her. What else could it be?

But he was only a Supreme—how could a Supreme divine such things?

Before she could puzzle it out, Qin Jiang spread his hands with a grin. "Do you know where I went while I was away?"

"Where?"

"The Demon Domain."

That clicked instantly. "You went to the Snake Race?"

"I did." He nodded. "And I killed one of your Snake Race elders."

"???"

She flinched, pupils contracting, but quickly fired back. "Impossible! They're all Immortals. You couldn't kill an Immortal—even if all the women around you joined forces, you'd be no match for the Snake Race."

"Who said these women are all I have? Besides, didn't Lian'er mention that I killed an Immortal not long ago?"

His expression was perfectly earnest. Her face went pale. "You really killed a Snake Race elder?"

"I did."

"Which one?"

"The Black Serpent Ancestor." He flipped his hand, producing a fang. "Here—I made one of his teeth into a dagger."

She recognized the aura on the dagger immediately and trembled. But she also exhaled in relief—at least it wasn't one of her three teachers. She looked at him, fists clenching. "You knew who I was all along?"

"Of course." He nodded. "I've known from the start. And while I was at the Snake Race, your three teachers betrothed you to me. You were supposed to be in seclusion, so we agreed you'd marry me after you came out. I just didn't expect you to have snuck away."

"???"

"You killed a Snake Race Immortal and my teachers still betrothed me to you?"

"Mutual benefit." He smiled. "What you see here isn't even close to my full strength. Besides, your Snake Race elders also gave me a pair of sisters, so the Snake Race and I are practically family."

"A pair of sisters? Yu Lan and Yu Ru?"

"That's right—Lan Lan and Ru Ru. And Yu Lan has taken over your position as Snake Race chieftain."

Zi Fu's head was spinning. What on earth had happened after she left? Yu Lan becoming chieftain was expected, but the Black Serpent Ancestor dead, Yu Lan and Yu Ru betrothed to Qin Jiang, and herself sold off to this man too... What kind of power did he command to make her teachers agree to all this?

"So now you know why I called you 'wifey' back then?" Qin Jiang stepped forward and took her hand. She panicked slightly—her feelings weren't cultivated enough for this. Were they skipping straight to the end?

"Is everything you said true?" She was still skeptical.

He nodded, every inch of sincerity. "Absolutely. Unfortunately, since I thought you were in seclusion, I didn't think to get a token of proof. But if you don't believe me, go ask them yourself—it's not far."

She looked at the fang-dagger in his other hand. It bore the Black Serpent Ancestor's aura, confirming Qin Jiang had at least visited the Snake Race. On balance, his story was likely true.

"Those bastards! Those three old geezers sold me out!" she huffed. Just like that, she had a husband. The one silver lining was that she'd already met him beforehand and started cultivating some feelings. Not much, but enough to make this bearable.

"Why didn't you tell me sooner?" She glared at him. They'd known each other for a while now, and he was only mentioning this now. She suspected he'd been enjoying watching her squirm.

"I just finished being busy!" He ticked off on his fingers. "Right after I got back, I took you all to raid the casino. Then I built the Space-Time Temple and spent three months inside it. Then I built the exterior one and spent several more months..."

She listened, and fine—he had been busy, though most of that "busy" involved the women. With this many women, could she even carve out a place for herself?

She grimaced, recalling how hard the women trained. The corner of her mouth twitched. It might be difficult. She was too naive for this crowd. A bit frustrated, she scratched her head and looked at him with wide, hopeful eyes. "Given our relationship... shouldn't you give me an Immortal Path Law?"

"..."

He gave her a look. Lian'er had already told him—Zi Fu had been angling for an Immortal Path Law from the very start. Now, after accepting reality, her first words were still about the law. The Immortal Path Law was her true love.

Catching his gaze, she flushed slightly. "It's not about the law, really... Think about it—without one, even with the Space-Time Temple, I'd need decades of seclusion. If your teachers betrothed me to you, I can't make you wait that long, right? So, you know?"

Watching her justify herself with a straight face, Qin Jiang sighed. She was a little like him. Unfortunately...

"I don't have any Immortal Path Laws left." He spread his hands. "The one you saw was extracted from the Black Serpent Ancestor. If you want one, you'll have to wait until I kill another Immortal."

"..."