They spent five full days together in the Space-Time Temple, with Mu Yunxiao taking the lead. She collapsed against him afterward, exhaustion written across her face. Taking charge was somehow more tiring than letting him do the work. Whether she was on top, lying down, or in any other position, Qin Jiang always shouldered the heavier load. So it shouldn't have been this exhausting.

He stroked her hair and kissed her cheek. "Tired?"

"Mm~" She nodded, pouting softly, arms around his neck, eyes glistening. "Are you leaving now?"

"Trying to get rid of me already?" He pinched her cheek. "I'll stay until you've rested."

Her face lit up. "Okay~"

"Here -- take this." He produced the Mystic Yang Divine Stone and placed it in her palm. The fire energy within immediately resonated with her fire-attribute origin, which surged with a greedy pulse, hungry to devour it.

"What is this?"

"The Mystic Yang Divine Stone. Supposedly the core of a sun -- dense with fire energy. During your True Immortal breakthrough, I won't be able to help you directly. If your ice origin surges and threatens the balance, absorb energy from this stone to compensate. Can't have the imbalance ruining your breakthrough."

"The core of a sun?" She was impressed. She could feel how precious it was, but she didn't refuse. What was hers was his, and what was his was hers. Besides, reaching True Immortal would let her help him more. "I'll keep it then."

She tucked it away, then threw her arms around his neck and kissed him deeply. When they parted, he gave her backside a light smack. "Get some rest."

"Mm, okay~"

She curled against him and drifted off. A full day later, her energy was restored. Time to attempt the breakthrough.

"Qin Jiang, I'm going into seclusion~" She hugged his neck and puckered her lips. "Kiss~"

He planted an exaggerated smooch on her waiting lips, then flicked her nose. "There. Now go."

"One more~"

Ever since she'd realized Qin Jiang was genuinely gentle and would never hurt them, Mu Yunxiao had become increasingly clingy -- always wanting kisses and hugs. And he always obliged. Refusing a woman's wishes was practically illegal, and Qin Jiang was a law-abiding citizen.

They held each other and kissed for a good while. She still didn't want to stop. She might be addicted.

"How about this," he said, rubbing her head. "Break through to True Immortal, and I'll let you kiss me as much as you want."

"Deal. But you promised -- as much as I want."

"Promised."

"Pinky swear~" She held out her little finger, eyes wide and earnest. He laughed and linked his with hers, then pressed their thumbs together. He dipped his head and pecked her lips. "Can you go into seclusion now?"

"Mm~"

She released him and sat cross-legged in the temple, eyes closing. Within moments, spiritual energy began flowing into her. Qin Jiang watched for a while, then exited. The breakthrough would take time. Meanwhile, he'd work on taking Mystic Cloud Heaven.

The days in the temple translated to barely half an hour outside. The women were gathered around Chen Ningshuang, discussing her potential to compete for the top title. The plan was already taking shape: once anyone had a baby, both Jian Yao and Ningshuang would be on nursing duty.

Jian Yao had been volunteered for this role so many times she'd lost count. Now she had a new ally -- smaller at the moment but with terrifying potential. Ningshuang blushed through it all. She was still a child herself. She'd never thought about nursing babies. But with her figure, her future children would certainly never go hungry.

Then Qin Jiang appeared. "What are you all chatting about?"

"We're planning who'll nurse the babies -- Yaoyao and Shuang'er."

He looked at the two candidates. Jian Yao still held the crown; Ningshuang was the challenger. Prime nursing candidates indeed.

"You all want babies?"

They looked at him. "Don't you?"

"Having all of you is enough for now. Maybe someday I'll have a couple for fun."

They rolled their eyes. Babies aren't toys. But if he wanted some... they wouldn't mind obliging.

"Whenever you want them, we'll deliver. Just don't neglect us for the kids."

He nodded. "Of course. You're my true loves. Kids would just be... pleasant accidents."

"But don't be too cold to them either."

"I can spare a tiny bit of love."

"But not too much."

He looked at them, mildly speechless. Their maternal instincts might be a bit lacking. Then again, his paternal instincts were probably about the same. After all, these women had consumed nearly all the love he had to give. There wasn't much left over.