That icy voice hung over Liu Qingtian's neck like a death god's scythe.

Now, it's your turn.

Six simple words, yet they contained supreme authority capable of overturning heaven and earth.

Every hair on Liu Qingtian's body stood on end in that instant.

He felt as though what he faced wasn't a teenager at all.

But rather an absolute fiend who had walked out of primordial chaos, one who took pleasure in slaughtering gods and exterminating Buddhas.

This thought grew wildly in his mind.

Yet reason told him otherwise.

He couldn't escape.

Before such an existence, Liu Qingtian didn't even have the right to flee.

Since death awaited him either way—

Then he might as well... fight to the bitter end!

"You little beast! You forced my hand!"

"You forced my hand!!!"

"Today, even if I have to sacrifice a hundred years of my Liu family's legacy, I will tear you to pieces!!!"

Liu Qingtian let out a roar.

His eyes instantly turned blood-red.

His face was covered with crazed, twisted, bulging veins.

BOOM!!!

An aura a hundred times more terrifying than those Meridian Opening retainers from before erupted skyward from Liu Qingtian's body.

罡 Transformation Realm power, fully unleashed.

This was Liu Qingtian's true strength.

Violent energy swept outward in all directions with him at the center.

The entire Liu family estate began to tremble violently under this shockwave.

Countless pavilions and painted halls were instantly shredded like paper before this force, reduced to scattered dust.

Those Liu family members who had survived Lin Yuan's earlier stomp couldn't even manage a scream before being ground into bloody foam by these violent winds.

"Die!!!"

Liu Qingtian had gone completely mad.

He stomped hard, his entire body transforming into a streak of crimson light that shot skyward.

"Heaven-Burning Palm!"

He struck out with one palm.

A massive scarlet hand, formed from pure refined energy and large as a basketball court, materialized from thin air.

That giant hand burned with roaring blood-colored flames.

The surrounding air sizzled and hissed from the scorching heat.

The night sky above the entire Liu estate was dyed crimson by that scarlet giant palm.

As if the apocalypse had arrived.

This palm was Liu Qingtian's strongest attack.

His trump card, a killing move capable of boiling seas and burning mountains.

He was certain!

Under this palm, forget about some mere Qi Sea Realm brat—

Even a peak Meridian Opening expert would be instantly reduced to ash!

However.

Facing this world-destroying palm.

That young figure atop the gate tower maintained his calm, unhurried demeanor.

He didn't even change his posture.

He merely raised his head slightly.

Those pitch-black eyes gazed calmly at the scarlet giant palm descending from above.

As if it wasn't some world-ending killing move at all.

But rather an insignificant falling leaf.

"That's it? Your 罡 Transformation Realm is way too watered down!"

The corner of Lin Yuan's mouth curved into a faint, almost mocking arc.

RUMBLE!!!

The scarlet giant palm, carrying the terrifying might to incinerate all things, came crashing down.

The entire space wailed violently.

Liu Qingtian's face twisted into a grotesque, manic smile.

Die!

You little beast!

Turn to ash for me!

However, the next second.

The smile on his face froze instantly.

Just as that scarlet giant palm was about to fall, about to crush Lin Yuan and the gate tower together into powder—

Lin Yuan finally moved.

He slowly raised his right hand.

Then, with two fingers pressed together like a sword.

He drew a gentle line upward toward that sky-blotting scarlet giant palm.

No earth-shaking spiritual energy fluctuations.

No heaven-destroying, terrifying aura.

Just this simple action.

SHING—!

A sword cry, so faint it could almost be ignored, yet seeming capable of severing space-time itself, suddenly rang out.

Immediately after.

A scene that made Liu Qingtian's soul flee and his courage shatter appeared.

A cyan sword gleam, brilliant to the extreme, containing the endless meaning of seas rising and mountains falling, of all things living and dying, flashed from Lin Yuan's fingertip!

This sword gleam wasn't large.

In fact, it could be called minuscule.

Compared to that sky-covering scarlet giant palm, it was like comparing a firefly to the bright moon!

However.

It was precisely this seemingly insignificant sword gleam.

The instant it made contact with the scarlet giant palm.

BOOM!!!

That imperious scarlet giant palm, supposedly capable of boiling seas and burning mountains, was like paper!

Split cleanly in two by that cyan sword gleam from the middle!

Without the slightest hesitation!

Without the slightest resistance!

Like a red-hot iron passing through butter!

That blood-colored energy capable of incinerating all things was instantly purified, dissolved, and annihilated the moment it touched the sword gleam!

"No...!!!"

Liu Qingtian let out a horrified, disbelieving roar!

His strongest strike!

His killing move that had cost him his blood essence, that he had staked everything on!

Just like that... gone?!

Casually deflected by the other party with a single stroke?!

How... how was this possible?!

This defied all reason!

Qi Sea Realm!

He was just a Qi Sea Realm!

How could he block a full-power strike from a 罡 Transformation Realm?!

Yet reality gave him no time to think!

That cyan sword gleam, after cleaving the scarlet giant palm, lost none of its momentum!

It transformed into a streak of cyan light, shooting toward his face at a speed that exceeded Liu Qingtian's reaction limit!

Boundless Sword Intent!

One sword, to sever the vast seas!

"No!!!"

The shadow of death instantly shrouded Liu Qingtian's heart!

He wanted to dodge!

He wanted to flee!

But before that terrifying sword intent that seemed to have locked onto his very soul, his body felt like it was filled with lead, completely unable to move!

He could only watch helplessly as that cyan light of death rapidly expanded in his pupils!

It was over!

Everything was over!

However, just as Liu Qingtian's heart turned to ash and he prepared to close his eyes and await death—

HUM—!

A purple flash of lightning, filled with supreme majesty and destructive aura, suddenly flickered across Lin Yuan's body!

Nine Heavens Thunder Emperor Scripture!

Primordial Sacred Body!

Two ultimate trump cards activated simultaneously!

A protective divine light constructed from lightning instantly appeared on Lin Yuan's body surface!

The terrifying sword qi, wrapped in surging thunder light, slammed into Liu Qingtian!

PFFT!!!

Liu Qingtian felt endless pressure pour into his body, easily destroying all his protective energy!

He couldn't withstand such an impact at all and was sent flying!

How could this be?

He was a 罡 Transformation Realm expert—how could he be sent flying by this mere Qi Sea Realm brat?

His strength...

Was actually this terrifying?!

"AHHH! You little beast! I'll fight you to the death!"

Liu Qingtian had completely lost his mind!

However, he did ultimately possess 罡 Transformation Realm strength.

Though this strike had sent him flying, it wasn't enough to completely destroy him. Instead, it thoroughly ignited the flames of rage in his heart!

He was unwilling!

Unwilling to lose to such a person!

A mighty 罡 Transformation Realm couldn't even handle a single Qi Sea Realm?

"DIE!!!"

He leaped up from the ground, mobilizing all his energy, even igniting his very life essence!

Endless pressure transformed into a roaring scarlet wave of flames, crashing toward Lin Yuan!

However.

DING—!

A crisp sound, like the clash of metal, rang out.

Liu Qingtian's claws, sharp enough to pierce steel plates, struck that thin layer of purple lightning on Lin Yuan's body surface—and it was like striking ten-thousand-year-old black iron.

Not only did it fail to harm Lin Yuan in the slightest.

A violent, destruction-filled thunderous power surged through his arm and poured madly into his body!

CRACK!

A crisp snap!

Every bone in Liu Qingtian's entire right arm was shattered by this thunderous power!

"AHHH—!"

A blood-curdling scream pierced the night sky.

Liu Qingtian's body flew backward once more like a kite with its string cut!

"Impossible... impossible..."

He looked at his arm hanging limply, and the only expression left on his face was endless, bone-deep despair!

He couldn't break through!

He couldn't even break through the other party's defense!

How was he supposed to fight?!

Just then.

A terrifying aura of iron-blooded slaughter, enough to make all of Yan Jing City tremble, descended from above like a physical Mount Tai!

It engulfed the entire Liu family estate!
