Chapter 81: Accompany Me for Three Days

"Also..."

True Feather Divine Spirit maintained a humble posture, her words sincere. But at this point, she paused and glanced at Su Yayue beside Su Yun and the Kunlun Mirror floating above his head.

As a Divine Spirit of the Kunlun Daoist Sect, she naturally understood how important the Innate Dao Body and the Kunlun Mirror were to her sect.

One could say they could determine the rise and fall of the Kunlun Daoist Sect for the next thousand years.

But she understood even better how powerful the Su family was.

Though the Kunlun Daoist Sect was also a top-tier sect with a thousand years of heritage, it was ultimately a secular sect that wasn't permitted to interfere in Federation affairs or spread its teachings freely. When the myriad races invaded, it even had to follow the Federation's mobilization orders.

The Su family, on the other hand, was the most powerful family in the Federation of Azure Blue.

Su Heng was the strongest Divine Spirit.

Though the Kunlun Daoist Sect was powerful and stood apart from worldly affairs, it understood its place and never offended these top ancient Divine Spirit families of the secular world.

But the Innate Dao Body and Kunlun Mirror were simply too important.

True Feather Divine Spirit took a deep breath, her face slightly pale, and lowered her posture even further.

"Young Master Su Yun, I also wish to take this guard of yours as my disciple."

"If possible, I would also like to borrow the ancient divine weapon, the Kunlun Mirror, in your possession."

"The Kunlun Daoist Sect will forever remember the Su family's great kindness and is willing to form a permanent alliance with the Su family."

True Feather Divine Spirit had already lowered herself considerably.

After all, Daoist sects, Buddhist temples, Confucian schools, and such were secular sects that never participated in worldly disputes to avoid entangling themselves in mortal karma.

If the Kunlun Daoist Sect formed a permanent alliance with the Su family, it would send massive shockwaves through the entire world of secular sects and all of China.

"Quite a lot of demands!"

"True Feather Divine Spirit, you seem to have made a mistake. The Imperial Capital is Su family territory, yet your disciple dared to forcibly abduct my guard right at my family's gates."

Su Yun laughed, glancing at Li Yi whose face had turned red in his grip. Then, as if throwing out garbage, he tossed him to the ground and raised his foot, stomping on Li Yi's face. Half his face caved in, losing human shape.

He could see that Li Yi was extremely important to this otherworldly Daoist nun.

Worthy of being a Child of Destiny—he actually had such a beautiful master who doted on him.

This was absolutely a Child of Destiny template, practically the spiritual qi resurgence version of the Little Dragon Girl and Yang Guo.

If not for meeting him, before long there would probably be another touching story of forbidden master-disciple love.

"Young Master Su Yun, you..." True Feather Divine Spirit's expression changed slightly, a flash of pain crossing her pale features.

Li Yi had been adopted and raised by her since childhood. She treated him like her own son and had very deep feelings for him.

This was why she had been willing to risk severe injury to forcibly break through dozens of Divine Spirit formations to save Li Yi's life.

She also understood that she was asking for too much.

And Li Yi had been the one at fault first, offending the Su family.

"Young Master Su Yun, I..."

True Feather Divine Spirit wanted to say more—she couldn't bear to watch her disciple die. But at that moment, Su Yun suddenly smiled, cold light flashing in his eyes.

"However, all of your conditions can be agreed to, True Feather Divine Spirit. I can even lend you the Kunlun Mirror first, so you can use it to sustain those half-dead old codgers in your sect's reserves for a while longer."

"This piece of trash's life or death means nothing to me." Su Yun's smile was cruel as his foot roughly ground against the barely breathing Li Yi's head.

"Master, save your disciple," Li Yi's voice was extremely weak, like a mosquito's buzz.

At this, True Feather Divine Spirit's eyes suddenly lit up. "What conditions does Young Master Su Yun have? I will agree to all of them."

"You said it."

Su Yun laughed several times. Cold light flashed in his eyes, which suddenly turned sinister. His gaze swept continuously over True Feather Divine Spirit's perfectly proportioned figure.

"My condition is simple. I want you."

"I don't understand." Looking at Su Yun's gaze, True Feather Divine Spirit froze for a moment and spoke instinctively.

But in her heart, a strong sense of foreboding arose.

"What I mean is, spend one night with me and I'll release your disciple."

"Spend two nights with me and you can take Yayue as your disciple."

"Spend three nights with me and I'll lend you the Kunlun Mirror."

Su Yun's gaze was cold as it swept over True Feather Divine Spirit's curvaceous figure, perfectly embodying the temperament of a villainous wastrel.

"Su Yun, you—this is absolutely impossible."

True Feather Divine Spirit was furious. Her pale, sickly beautiful face flushed red with anger, her chest heaving as rage surged within her.

Though Daoist sects weren't as strict about carnal matters as Buddhist temples, they still didn't encourage it.

Furthermore, she was a Divine Spirit of the Daoist sect—her status was incredibly high. She had an enormous reputation throughout all of China. How could she accompany a junior prodigy?

If word got out, the Kunlun Daoist Sect's reputation would suffer severe damage.

She never would have imagined that this junior Su Yun would be so presumptuous as to set his sights on her.

"Absolutely impossible? Then you may leave now." Su Yun smiled coldly.

"This is me showing consideration for your status as a Divine Spirit of the Kunlun Daoist Sect. Otherwise, with your disciple forcibly trying to abduct a member of my Su family's personal guard battalion, I can't guarantee that you, his master, will be able to leave safely either."

In that instant, eighteen terrifying Saint-level auras erupted from within the Su family gates, each one just a single step away from igniting their divine fire.

On the street, the soldiers of the Eighteen Battalions stomped their feet in unison, their killing intent soaring to the heavens, reversing wind and clouds.

The entire Imperial Capital was instantly shrouded in terrifying might, making countless people shiver.

"The Su family's Eighteen Battalion Generals!"

True Feather Divine Spirit's flushed, beautiful face suddenly turned pale. The thought of forcibly rescuing Li Yi that had just arisen in her heart instantly vanished without a trace.

As a Divine Spirit of a Daoist sect, she knew exactly how terrifying the reserves of a Divine Spirit family like the Su family were.

The Su family headquarters' Eighteen Battalions were known as one of the family's cornerstone forces, capable of slaying Divine Spirits—and this wasn't just talk.

Not to mention that all eighteen generals were present and the Eighteen Battalions had already formed their battle formations.

Never mind her—even if all the Divine Spirits of the Kunlun Daoist Sect came together, they probably wouldn't return alive.

Of course, the Kunlun Daoist Sect would never fight to the death with the Su family over a mere alternate Dao Child. That would be suicide.
