Chapter 87: The Kunlun Daoist Sect's Dao Child

Following this, the numerous clan heads and old-generation powerhouses of the Imperial Capital's great families suppressed the shock in their hearts and presented generous gifts in congratulations.

What should have been a joyous engagement ceremony seemed to be filled with endless blade-glints and sword-shadows, bloodshed lurking beneath the surface.

However, the struggle between two Divine Spirit families wasn't something they could participate in.

At that moment, a calm voice suddenly rang out across the sky: "Kunlun Daoist Sect, current Dao Child, Dao Yuan, congratulates the Su family's Young Master on his engagement and presents a pair of Dao Artifacts—the Yin-Yang Mirrors."

Instantly, the scene fell silent. The numerous important figures' pupils contracted slightly, their hearts filled with shock.

A disciple from the Kunlun Daoist Sect had actually come.

But wasn't the Daoist sect a secular sect that never participated in worldly disputes?

The Kunlun Daoist Sect was a Divine Spirit-level power not the slightest bit inferior to the Xuanyuan family, having produced several strongest Divine Spirits.

"Welcome!"

Cold light flashed in Su Yun's eyes as he looked forward, seeing a man wearing Daoist robes with a casual, carefree bearing, his hair loosely draped over his back.

An air of leisurely freedom pervaded the sky.

"Daoist sects don't cultivate the physical body. They focus on cultivating the primordial spirit, using the primordial spirit to comprehend the Dao, with transcending heaven and earth as their goal."

"This Dao Child's Dao essence is already not the slightest bit inferior to a Saint's."

"Worthy of being the Kunlun Daoist Sect's current Dao Child—he has the potential to become a strongest Divine Spirit."

The various important figures discussed animatedly.

For them, powerhouses from secular sects were extremely rare to see, let alone the current Dao Child of the Kunlun Daoist Sect, who almost never appeared before the eyes of the world.

"Dao Yuan greets Young Master Su Yun."

"This one has come for two reasons. First, to congratulate the Young Master on his engagement. Second, to request that the Young Master return Li Yi. After all, he is our Kunlun Daoist Sect's alternate Dao Child. Though he offended the Young Master, the offense doesn't warrant death."

"Please be magnanimous, Young Master Su Yun."

Dao Yuan's expression was calm, his bearing casual. His tone was natural, actually giving people a feeling that this was only right and proper.

The message True Feather Divine Spirit had sent back had shocked the entire Kunlun Daoist Sect.

The alternate Dao Child being captured was a tremendous humiliation for the Kunlun Daoist Sect.

Moreover, Su Yun had actually demanded that True Feather Divine Spirit accompany him for three days. Though the conditions offered had shaken the entire sect, Dao Yuan felt tremendously humiliated.

The Su family was trampling on the Kunlun Daoist Sect's dignity.

No matter what conditions were offered, he believed they were unacceptable.

But he was merely the current Dao Child. Though his talent was extraordinary, he was still young with little influence and couldn't make his voice heard.

Therefore, after arriving in the Imperial Capital and learning that the Su family was actually holding an engagement ceremony for Su Yun, he had come personally.

The Innate Dao Body and the Kunlun Mirror were naturally extremely important to the Kunlun Daoist Sect.

But Dao Yuan believed that no matter what, they couldn't let True Feather Divine Spirit go sleep with Su Yun. There had to be another way.

As long as they brought Li Yi back, True Feather Divine Spirit's inclination would weaken.

And as long as True Feather Divine Spirit didn't agree, with her strength, no one could force her.

Beneath Dao Yuan's calm eyes lay hidden pride. He met Su Yun's gaze without the slightest fear.

He was the Kunlun Daoist Sect's Dao Child, with extremely high status—far beyond what Li Yi could compare to. He wasn't afraid that Su Yun would use the Su family's power against him.

At this moment, the atmosphere suddenly became tense.

Su Yun had actually detained the Kunlun Daoist Sect's alternate Dao Child.

And the current Dao Child had actually come to the engagement ceremony to grandly demand the person back, not giving Su Yun any face at all.

Su Yun laughed, his gaze very cold. His Delusion-Breaking Divine Eyes swept over Dao Yuan, discovering vast destiny above him like an abyss-deep sea, not the slightest bit inferior to True Feather Divine Spirit.

He was somewhat amazed in his heart.

Though the Kunlun Daoist Sect had lost the ancient divine weapon Kunlun Mirror, they actually possessed two people with such vast destiny—True Feather Divine Spirit and Dao Yuan.

If given a few more years, the Kunlun Daoist Sect would probably have two strongest Divine Spirits.

However, having encountered him, none of this would be possible anymore.

"Current Dao Child, Dao Yuan?"

"You come demanding someone from me—on what basis?"

Su Yun smiled coldly. "Li Yi tried to abduct my personal attendant, the personal guard battalion's prodigy Su Yayue, because she possesses the Innate Dao Body. After I captured him, his master came to request Li Yi back, expressing her wish to take Yayue as a disciple and wanting to borrow the Kunlun Mirror.

"Now, even the current Dao Child has come.

"However, forget about a mere Dao Child like you—even if your sect's Sect Master, the current Dao Master, came personally, I would have only one response.

"Have True Feather Divine Spirit come accompany me for three days. Then Li Yi will be released, Yayue can join your sect, and the Kunlun Mirror can be lent to you for seven days."

At this point, Su Yun smiled darkly.

And at this moment, all the important figures around suddenly changed expression.

The Su family actually possessed another ancient divine weapon—the Kunlun Mirror.

Wasn't that the Kunlun Daoist Sect's sect-guarding treasure? How had it fallen into Su Yun's hands?

"The Su family's current heir's personal guard battalion actually has an Innate Dao Body. The Su family's destiny and reserves are terrifyingly powerful."

The various important figures gasped in succession.

The Innate Dao Body's famous reputation—even though they weren't members of the Daoist sects, they had all heard of it.

Because legend had it that the Daoist sect's founder, the first strongest Divine Spirit, had been an Innate Dao Body.

After his disappearance, the Daoist sect had fractured into the current three great sects and countless smaller factions.

A thousand years ago, the Daoist sect had been the most supreme, most powerful force in the entire world—far more prosperous than the Su family.

"Legend has it that for the past thousand years, the various Daoist sect factions have been frantically searching for the Innate Dao Body, hoping to reunify the Daoist sect."

"Now, the Innate Dao Body is actually in the Su family's hands, as Su Yun's personal guard."

At this moment, the numerous direct-line members of the Su family headquarters and the important figures who had arrived were all tremendously shaken.

Su Yun's dominant display and suppression of the Xuanyuan family had already filled them with incomparable shock, marveling at Su Yun's terrifying methods.

They understood that this represented endless benefits.

As long as they could successfully absorb the Xuanyuan family, the Su family would reach unprecedented heights. They were already completely convinced by Su Yun, aware of this heir's terrifying capabilities.

They never expected that even such a supreme physique as the Innate Dao Body would be in Su Yun's hands.

This represented even more endless benefits.

"These secular sects have enormous power, yet they claim to be untainted by worldly matters, transcendent and carefree."

"If we can use the Innate Dao Body, we might be able to make them submit."

"Hahaha, worthy of the Young Master. Not only did he take the Innate Dao Body as his maidservant, but he's also making True Feather Divine Spirit, that Daoist nun, accompany him for three days."
