"Qingxue, you weren't like this before..."

Ye Chen held her from behind, teasing her with a smile.

In his impression, Lin Qingxue had always been introverted and quiet—a pure and innocent young girl who rarely took the initiative to flirt with him.

She wasn't bold and uninhibited like Lu Mengyao.

Could Lu Mengyao have been a bad influence on her?

"Senior Brother, you're terrible!"

Lin Qingxue pouted coquettishly, her face flushing red. Embarrassed, she buried her head under the covers.

Her thoughts were in complete disarray right now.

Especially lying in bed with Ye Chen, it was very hard to calm down.

Her body kept heating up involuntarily, like a fire burning constantly.

This feeling was becoming harder and harder to control.

"Senior Brother..."

"You're the best..."

"Please..."

Lin Qingxue turned to face him, looking at Ye Chen with desire-filled eyes and pleading.

Her hands hooked around Ye Chen's neck, body pressing closer and closer until they were almost touching.

A fragrant scent lingered at his nose...

The atmosphere grew ever more ambiguous!

"Qingxue, listen to me..."

"Senior Brother, are you saying... you can't do it anymore?"

Ye Chen: !!!

Hearing this, Ye Chen was instantly displeased!

"What do you mean can't do it?"

"Who are you looking down on?"

"Fine, fine, fine—tonight Senior Brother will teach you a lesson!"

He immediately changed his mind. He absolutely had to teach this little temptress a thorough lesson.

Otherwise, tomorrow the courtyard would be buzzing with rumors that he couldn't perform!

This was an absolute insult!

Anything could be said, but not that he couldn't perform...

Even though Ye Chen had spent most of the day at Liu Ruyan's place, exhausting his energy, his body was once again filled with strength...

"Hee hee hee hee hee!"

A cunning smile flashed across Lin Qingxue's face as she laughed with delight and anticipation.

"Alright..."

"Senior Brother, you have to... be gentle with me!"

Every word was stimulating Ye Chen's emotions. Without any more restraint, his eyes reddened as he pounced like a ravenous wolf...

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving one year of cultivation as a reward!]

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving one bottle of Cultivation Enhancement Pills!]

In the adjacent rooms, Lu Mengyao and Su Nianwan, who had been on the verge of sleep, both woke up simultaneously...

Their eyes snapped open, their drowsy gazes instantly clear.

"This is..."

"How can Senior Brother be like this!"

Blushes appeared on both Lu Mengyao's and Su Nianwan's faces.

With their experience, they could naturally imagine what scene was playing out in the room next door.

This was also what they yearned for in their hearts—yet were forbidden from doing.

Both of them assumed Ye Chen had lost control and forced himself on Lin Qingxue. After all, given her gentle, shy personality, she couldn't possibly have taken the initiative.

Lu Mengyao and Su Nianwan couldn't fall asleep now. Their minds were filled with chaotic thoughts, their bodies growing increasingly hot.

They too had been holding back for nearly three months, their hearts long unable to contain themselves.

Usually they managed through sheer willpower, but now, stimulated by the excited cries, they completely lost their self-control.

At this moment, a thought formed in both their minds...

Wait until dawn, then go find Ye Chen!

The long night stretched on. Those passionate moans became torture for the lonely...

Lu Mengyao had originally wanted to hold out until dawn, but soon she couldn't take it anymore. With her body burning hot, she couldn't calm down no matter what, let alone sleep.

"Senior Brother is such a scoundrel!"

"He must be doing this on purpose, right?"

Lu Mengyao huffed as she got out of bed. As if she'd made up her mind about something, she didn't even put on her outer robe—just a pink undergarment covering her upper body, exposing large expanses of snow-white skin.

She walked straight out of her room toward the one next door.

With only the four of them in the courtyard, she wasn't worried about being seen even if she walked around naked.

Lu Mengyao arrived outside Lin Qingxue's door. Just as she was about to push it open, she suddenly heard soft footsteps.

She looked up sharply. In the moonlight, she made out Su Nianwan in a blue-green sleeping robe, tiptoeing her way over.

They both became aware of each other's presence!

Looking up, their eyes met...

The atmosphere instantly became awkward.

Su Nianwan's face flushed with embarrassment, and the thought of retreating crossed her mind.

But the cries in her ears were growing more and more intense!

Her face grew even redder. She couldn't help but press her legs together...

"Sister Su, let's go in together!"

"We can't let Senior Brother bully Sister Lin..."

Lu Mengyao looked at the slightly embarrassed Su Nianwan before her, speaking righteously.

"This..."

"Isn't that inappropriate?"

Hearing Lu Mengyao's words, Su Nianwan still hesitated...

She felt too embarrassed.

Inside the room...

Lin Qingxue sensed something was wrong!

"Senior Brother..."

"I... I feel like... there's someone outside?"

"I think... it's Sister Su and Mengyao..."

The courtyard at night was originally very quiet. Any movement could be clearly heard.

Besides, she was at Golden Core cultivation—even the slightest sounds were easily detected!

Ye Chen had naturally heard too, but he didn't care.

They were all his women. What was there to be embarrassed about?

He and Lu Mengyao and Su Nianwan had seen each other bare plenty of times—sometimes things got even crazier than this!

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving one Endless Vitality Pill!]

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving one year of cultivation as a reward!]

Ye Chen was as gentle as he could be, mindful of Lin Qingxue's condition.

No matter what, she was still pregnant. He couldn't go too far!

And he certainly couldn't spend half the night going at it like before—Lin Qingxue simply couldn't handle that.

Besides, Ye Chen was exhausted too.

He had just spent half a day in fierce battle with Liu Ruyan. That he had any energy left at all coming back late at night was already impressive.

Lin Qingxue curled up and closed her eyes to sleep. Perhaps her desires had been satisfied, for she slept especially soundly now...

At that moment, Ye Chen faintly heard whispers outside the door...

"Sister Su, what's there to be embarrassed about?"

"Don't be scared—I'm here with you, aren't I?"

"Are you really willing to just go back like this?"

Lu Mengyao seemed to be lecturing Su Nianwan, trying to embolden her.

Under Lu Mengyao's goading, a fiery gleam appeared in Su Nianwan's eyes!

"Mengyao, what you say makes sense..."

"We don't need to be so formal with Senior Brother..."

"Besides... how can Senior Brother favor one over another?"

Lu Mengyao and Su Nianwan's faces showed a trace of resentment as they gradually reached a consensus...

Ye Chen was stunned, a flash of alarm crossing his face!

Wait—what were those two planning?

Feeling his body's drained exhaustion, he suddenly grew a bit panicked!

"This is bad!!!"

Ye Chen hastily retrieved an Endless Vitality Pill from his storage ring and swallowed it without hesitation...

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving one year of cultivation as a reward!]

[Ding! Congratulations, Host, for receiving two years of cultivation as a reward!]
