What seemed like a great distance was mere inches for Void Refining experts.

When the white-bearded elder realized his position had been exposed, he panicked. Seeing the Blissful Union Sect's Second Elder rapidly approaching, fear flashed in his eyes!

Ignoring the Heavenly Demon Sect disciples around him, he immediately fled.

But he had barely risen into the air when the Second Elder was already before him...

"Old turtle, where do you think you're going?"

"Eat my blade!"

The Second Elder roared, swinging his long saber down with tremendous force...

*BOOM—*

The white-bearded elder hastily tried to defend, but was struck down by a single blow, crashing into the forest below and kicking up clouds of dust.

"Elder Wang..."

The Heavenly Demon Sect disciples were horrified.

No one had expected to be discovered by the Blissful Union Sect. The pressure released by the Void Refining expert made them tremble, instantly robbing them of any will to resist...

The white-bearded elder clambered out of the crater, waving his hand to produce an Immortal-Grade longsword. Before he could even get angry, the Second Elder appeared before him.

A flash of the blade!

Another fierce assault...

*BOOM—*

The white-bearded elder frantically swung his sword, spiritual light blazing!

The next second, he was sent flying again...

Rows of trees in the forest snapped in half, dust and debris billowing.

*Splurt!*

The white-bearded elder coughed up a mouthful of blood, staring at the Second Elder with shock and rage.

He hadn't even had a chance to speak before being knocked away twice in a row!

Fury burned in his heart!

"This is too much..."

He raised his spirit sword and slashed fiercely toward the Second Elder...

"Setting Sun Sword Art!"

A loud shout...

Instantly, countless sword lights materialized, like the glow of a setting sun, dazzling and brilliant!

Ten thousand flying swords shot forth...

"Mere tricks, and you dare show off before an expert!"

The Second Elder snorted coldly, swinging his saber in a mighty chop, releasing a blade aura about ten feet tall...

The blade aura collided with the flying swords!

*BOOM—*

With a tremendous explosion, both the blade aura and sword energy shattered...

Waves of residual spiritual energy spread in all directions.

The Heavenly Demon Sect disciples in the forest didn't even have time to react before being blasted away, coughing blood.

At their cultivation level, they couldn't withstand even the aftermath of such a battle.

"Damn it!"

The white-bearded elder's expression changed drastically. Seeing that the Second Elder was no weaker than himself, he immediately thought of fleeing.

This was Blissful Union Sect territory, after all. He was the only elder leading this group—if he kept fighting, he would definitely suffer...

He had no intention of dying here.

The white-bearded elder suddenly feinted, and in the instant he swung his sword, he rose into the air to escape.

"Old turtle, where do you think you're running?"

"Since you've come, why not stay..."

The Grand Elder arrived first, looking at the white-bearded elder with a cold smile.

A black palm print descended from the void...

"No!"

The white-bearded elder's heart trembled. He frantically swung his sword to defend.

*BOOM—*

*Splurt!*

The sword light shattered.

The black palm print struck the white-bearded elder, slamming him hard to the ground.

While still in mid-air, he coughed up a mouthful of blood, his aura weak and fading...

As he crashed into the forest, the Second Elder followed up with another strike.

"Old turtle, time to die!"

"You dared to sneak attack my Blissful Union Sect—I'm sending you to hell!"

The Second Elder roared, his long saber slashing down again...

"Don't..."

The white-bearded elder panicked, wanting to beg for mercy, but the blade was already at his face...

*BOOM—*

He was sent flying again.

Like a ragged cotton bundle, his form was utterly pathetic.

A dignified Void Refining expert, now beaten without any ability to fight back.

When he crashed to the ground again, he no longer had the strength to get up.

The injuries within his body were continuously draining his life force, his aura dissipating bit by bit.

Now he truly resembled a dying old man, awaiting death's arrival...

The Blissful Union Sect's Supreme Elders gathered before the white-bearded elder, looking down at him coldly.

"Speak. What did you come to our Blissful Union Sect for?"

"What is your Heavenly Demon Sect plotting?"

"If you don't talk, I'll make your life a living hell..."

The hot-tempered Second Elder demanded harshly.

A Heavenly Demon Sect elder wouldn't appear near the Blissful Union Sect for no reason—there had to be some conspiracy.

He was also curious. Just one Void Refining elder leading a few hundred disciples—where did he get the courage to sneak attack the Blissful Union Sect?

Hearing this, the white-bearded elder lifted his head and glared furiously at the Second Elder before him, speaking through gritted teeth.

"If you kill me, the Heavenly Demon Sect won't let you off!"

"When the time comes, your Blissful Union Sect can wait to die!"

"Every last one of you!"

At these words, the Supreme Elders' expressions darkened.

"You still dare threaten us?"

"Overestimating yourself!"

The Second Elder's saber suddenly chopped down on the white-bearded elder's leg...

*Splurt!*

Half his leg was instantly severed...

"AHHH!!!"

The white-bearded elder lying on the ground screamed in agony, his face paling several shades, beads of sweat forming on his forehead.

The look he gave the Second Elder completely changed!

One disagreement and he chopped off a leg?

Did he take his earlier threat as nothing?

"You... you bastard!"

"If you have the guts, just kill me..."

"Before long, the Heavenly Demon Sect will kill you all to avenge me."

The white-bearded elder said angrily.

He knew he couldn't escape. At this point, he only wanted a quick death.

He didn't want to be tortured anymore!

The Grand Elder's expression darkened, catching the hidden meaning in those words. His eyes narrowed.

"What is your Heavenly Demon Sect plotting?"

"Tell us, and we'll give you a quick death."

Hearing the Grand Elder's words, the white-bearded elder still refused to speak, sneering.

"Shangguan old fool, are you scared?"

"Hahahaha!"

"Your Blissful Union Sect's time of death has come..."

He laughed wildly.

The Grand Elder watched him expressionlessly, his face growing darker.

He gave the Second Elder a look...

The next second, the blade flashed!

His only remaining leg was also severed.

"AHHH!!!"

The smile vanished from the white-bearded elder's face, leaving only agonized contortions.

Losing both legs, the pain nearly made him pass out.

"Speak!"

The Grand Elder said coldly.

The white-bearded elder looked at him weakly, fear filling his eyes.

"You demon!"

"You'll die a horrible death..."

The Grand Elder was losing patience.

"Second Brother..."

Just as the Second Elder was about to swing his blade again, the white-bearded elder completely lost his nerve. He didn't want to suffer the pain of losing his arms and quickly spoke up.

"I'll talk!"

"I'll tell you everything..."

"Don't strike."

One more moment and the blade would have fallen...

The white-bearded elder nearly fainted from fear. Looking at the blade inches from his face, cold sweat soaked his entire body...
