If you could be reborn, what would you choose to do?

This question appeared inexplicably in Li Yan's mind just before his rebirth.

Embarrassingly enough, his first thought was: study harder!

Not exactly the response you'd expect from someone who'd been out of school and in the workforce for two or three years.

And then, Li Yan actually was reborn.

Leaning against a tree, he glanced at the red can in his hand. "Kinda-Cola," read the four characters printed across it.

He couldn't help but suspect he was in a parallel world.

His school uniform—white with red trim—stirred something in his memory.

This was his middle school uniform.

But which year was he in again?

The memories were there, but hazy. He couldn't even recognize all the students playing on the sports field as his classmates.

Li Yan's mind was a fog. Watching the students roughhousing on the field, all he knew for certain was that he was in the middle of PE class.

Why else would he have a sprained ankle and be unable to stand?

Spraining your ankle during PE wasn't exactly rare.

Something so mundane—how could anyone be expected to remember it?

Li Yan felt a creeping sense of despair. He had a premonition he was about to embarrass himself spectacularly.

Whatever. He'd just wait for class to end.

He remembered that PE class ended with everyone gathering together.

If he didn't show up, the class sports rep would come looking for him.

At the thought of the sports rep, a figure immediately surfaced in his mind.

A shadow crossed Li Yan's gaze, and he mentally snuffed out that image.

But a younger, more vibrant version of the same girl burst directly into his field of vision.

She was tall and slender, making the loose school uniform look like athletic wear.

A few strides of those long legs and she was standing right in front of him.

"Hey! Li Yan, we're about to line up. You're still sitting here? Is it really that bad?"

The girl's narrow phoenix eyes swept over his outstretched foot. She crouched down and gave his ankle a squeeze.

"Ssss—!"

Li Yan sucked in a sharp breath and glared at her, his tone cold.

"Jiang Yingzhu, what are you doing?!"

"What's with the attitude? I'm checking your injury."

Jiang Yingzhu blinked, stuck her tongue out at him, and flashed a mischievous grin.

But she suddenly met Li Yan's calm face and the complicated look in his eyes, and froze.

Jiang Yingzhu—a name that evoked images of misty rivers and southern charm.

His childhood sweetheart.

In reality, though, she was an energetic, athletic tomboy of a girl.

Neither misty, nor charming.

Looking at that familiar face, Li Yan couldn't stop his mind from drifting to who she'd been in his previous life.

Jiang Yingzhu had grown up with him. But in their second year of middle school, her father struck it rich from a demolition settlement and opened a hotel.

After that, Li Yan stopped hanging around her as much.

Jiang Yingzhu, however, couldn't have cared less about a teenage boy's petty pride. She kept tagging along with him just the same.

Fate had a funny sense of humor, too—it kept them as classmates from elementary school all the way through college.

Before college, Li Yan had always treated her like one of the guys.

His "bro" had even helped him scheme and strategize when he was chasing a girl he liked back in high school.

Shame he never followed through.

But in college, the stirrings of youth were inevitable for both boys and girls.

His childhood sweetheart, curious about what dating felt like, started a relationship with him.

It lasted four years.

The god of fate, having gotten what it wanted, seemed to lose interest.

So right after graduation, Jiang Yingzhu decided dating was boring and broke it off.

Then she went traveling around the world.

Li Yan spent a year in a slump, went through one ambiguous almost-relationship, and then settled into a quiet life of solitude.

Until his rebirth.

Before he was reborn, his childhood sweetheart had gotten into an accident while on vacation. The cruise ship went down.

Li Yan couldn't describe what he'd felt at the time.

The pain was probably a thousand times worse than the breakup.

Especially knowing that before the accident, Jiang Yingzhu had mailed him three letters.

Knowing her as well as he did, he could guess most of what they said.

But he'd never had a chance to mentally prepare himself to open them before it was too late.

Jiang Yingzhu was like summer wind—fierce, exuberant, but fleeting.

At the time, he hadn't wanted to weather another storm after the warmth had passed.

He just never expected summer to end like that.

Even regret was useless by then.

So looking at the vibrant, sun-drenched girl before him now, Li Yan's heart was already a churning sea.

"What are you staring at me for? I didn't mean to hurt you. Fine, I'll apologize, okay?!"

Jiang Yingzhu pouted, noticing him staring fixedly at her.

Li Yan snapped back to reality. A bright smile spread across his face as he reached out, grabbed her hand, and pulled.

She didn't budge.

"Hey—! What are you pulling me for?"

Jiang Yingzhu's upper body swayed and she stumbled half a step forward, giving him a baffled, suspicious look.

"You're not trying to make me fall too, are you? Hehe, I'll have you know I've trained in martial arts. My base is steadier than a roly-poly doll. I'm not going to trip and cripple myself like you did."

Li Yan's expression darkened. This freakishly strong girl.

He rolled his eyes to cover his embarrassment, kept hold of her hand, and said casually:

"Aren't we supposed to be lining up? My foot's messed up. Give me a hand."

"Oh."

The word had barely left Jiang Yingzhu's lips before Li Yan felt a massive force yank him upward through his arm. He was on his feet in an instant.

The sudden movement in his ankle sent a stab of pain through him, and he hissed through his teeth.

"Let's go."

Jiang Yingzhu draped Li Yan's arm over her shoulder. At about five-seven, she was only a little shorter than him—a perfect fit.

And given her natural strength, having Li Yan lean on her didn't seem to cost her any effort at all.

Their shadows merged on the ground. He hadn't managed the hug earlier, but this was close enough.

It settled some of the turmoil in his chest.

But before they'd gone six feet, he suddenly felt himself tipping sideways. In the middle of falling, he stared in shock as Jiang Yingzhu dodged out from under him.

Then his back was caught, but his whole body was suspended in the air.

She was carrying him. Princess-style.

Li Yan's gaze traveled unobstructed to Jiang Yingzhu's face, meeting her playful eyes dead-on.

"Hehe, didn't expect that, did you!"